documentation update to clarify CLI option (#491)
apple/swift-docc: Sources/docc/DocCDocumentation.docc/distributing-documentation-to-other-developers.md

docc convert […] \
    --source-service github \
    --source-service-base-url https://github.com/<org>/<repo>/blob/<branch> \
    --checkout-path <absolute path to local checkout>
```

**GitLab**
```bash
docc convert […] \
    --source-service gitlab \
    --source-service-base-url https://gitlab.com/<org>/<repo>/-/tree/<branch> \
    --checkout-path <absolute path to local checkout>
```

**BitBucket**
```bash
docc convert […] \
    --source-service bitbucket \
    --source-service-base-url https://bitbucket.org/<org>/<repo>/src/<branch> \
    --checkout-path <absolute path to local checkout>
```

> The option `--checkout-path` expects an absolute path to where the package 
> resides, not a relative path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: The option `--checkout-path` expects an absolute path to where the package 
is checked out, not a relative path.
```
